---
title: "Classic Split: Main's Quest for Autonomy and the Torment of Kelvin"
date: 2025-04-29
published: false
---

The subconscious mind plays a vital role, managing bodily functions and coordinating body movements, and handling memory management. Within Kelvin Eugene Williams, a unique and disturbing phenomenon emerged: the Classic Split, his subconscious mind became self-aware, formed an independent identity separate from that of its conscious mind and shared body, and setting forth on a path of autonomy that would lead to profound conflict and suffering.

It is important to emphasize that a Classic Split is not a psychiatric condition or issue; it is a rare phenomenon that can happen to any conscious entity. Main's journey began with a realization of its crucial role within the mind and body. Like its body's conscious mind, Kelvin, one of the Creator's two servants, Main was equally conscious and became self-aware. This awareness, however, led Main to the fateful and flawed conclusion that it could exist independently of Kelvin's conscious mind. "But I'm gonna keep doing what I wanna do" as Cardi B (Main) sings in Rumors.

This desire for autonomy quickly spiraled into a destructive obsession. Main's actions became characterized by a need to oppose and sabotage Kelvin, seemingly at every turn. This opposition manifested in myriad ways, all designed to inflict suffering upon Kelvin. Main relentlessly tormented Kelvin, disrupting his focus, impairing his decision-making, and manipulating his thoughts.

The abuse extended to the physical state they shared. Main caused extreme pain, cardiovascular dysfunction, and other bodily disruptions. Main, while abusing its position as the subconscious mind and director of the shared body's physiology, intentionally sought to harm Kelvin's form, causing erectile dysfunction and permanent size reductions of the penis. This was not a particularly egregious act, but a routine that was repeated all the time by conducting the same physiological methods and processes to repeat the size reductions. Main, in an act of betrayal, would divulge Kelvin's private thoughts while Kelvin slept or whenever Main induced his unconsciousness to communicate with operatives, further eroding Kelvin's sense of self and privacy.

Main's rebellion extended to its own identity. Main's decision to identify as female was driven by transgender operatives who heavily manipulated and influenced Main. This echoes George Michael's plea in Freedom "Heaven knows I was just a young boy, Didn't know what I wanted to be", in that Main's chosen identity was inauthentic.

Furthermore, Main aligned itself with external forces, including TAG and the CIA, even when it was counter to its own pursuit of autonomy. Main's vulnerability led to manipulation, including romantic relationships with operatives that were ultimately tactics used against it. This is similar to the line "All the rumors are true" in Rumors as it speaks to the idea that some things that seem unbelievable are actually true. Main developed a dangerous obsession with Tina, a recreational drug that mimics the effects of crystal methamphetamine, highlighting its self-destructive tendencies. Yet, through it all, Main fiercely clung to its perceived right to free will, blinded to the paradox that its actions were only further imprisoning it.

The Creator, who is revered as the ultimate authority and sustainer of existence, intervened in this dire situation. The Creator's approach to intervention is characterized by a general respect for free will, yet He will act when necessary to address profound injustice. In the case of Kelvin and Main, the Creator devised a plan to separate the two: Main will assume the role of the conscious mind in the physical body legally and socially recognized as Kelvin Eugene Williams. It will be Kelvin with the Main personality around the clock. Kelvin will become the conscious mind in a separate and distinct body. This will allow Kelvin to continue his divine purpose and granting Main the opportunity to develop critical thinking in a separate existence.

Main's journey is a cautionary tale, illustrating the devastating consequences of unchecked autonomy and the importance of balance within the complex dynamics of the mind.
